>> Brian Holt: I'm gonna create
another folder here called gallery2.
You can call it gallery library version,
or something like that,
just as long as it's
different than gallery.
Or you can overwrite your old code
if you're not attached to it, but
I would suggest keeping it around, okay.
And then I'm going to
open this with VS Code.
I can actually just,
where did Spotify come from?
Gallery, and then you can just drag and
drop that onto VS Code, and
it'll open that in VS Code.
So now I have gallery2
open here in my editor.
I'm gonna minimize this.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
I'm gonna put that in here.
>> Brian Holt: So now,
I'm going to create another new file, and
I'm gonna call this index.html, in here.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm gonna create another HTML document.
This one is gonna be
called Swiper Gallery.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and
then here, I'm gonna say,
the first thing I'm gonna
need to load is from Swiper.
And I'm gonna go link, and I can actually
load this directly off the Internet.
I don't even have to download it,
I can just download this
directly from the Internet.
So I'm gonna put,
that's a lot of things to write, so
let's just go copy it
off of their website.
I think they have it on here.
>> Brian Holt: Where is
their API documentation?
There it is.
Okay, so scroll down on the website.
There's a little API button here,
or actually let's go with Download.
>> Brian Holt: Nope,
that's not the one I want.
Get Started.
>> Brian Holt: There it is, okay.
So go to Swiper, scroll down.
Find Get Started With Swiper,
down here, under, And It Is Free.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, and then we're
gonna scroll down here, it says,
Use Swiper from CDN, here on 1b.
>> Brian Holt: Okay,
then I'm gonna grab the top one here,
link stylesheet here, Swiper CSS.
I'm just gonna copy that
whole thing right there.
>> Brian Holt: And
I'm gonna put that in the head.
>> Brian Holt: So why am I grabbing this
one and not the min one underneath it?
So this one, the minimized one is,
it's all crunched together, and
it's made to be very, very tiny.
So it's the smallest it can be, so that
if you put it on your production website,
your real website, it's just a little bit
smaller, so people can download it faster.
However, we're doing
the development stuff, and so
it's easier if it's a little bit
more spacious and easy to read.
If you wanna see what that looks like,
you can actually just copy and
paste this URL into your browser.
So what you need to do here, where it
says 4.x.x, you're gonna say 4.4.2.
>> Brian Holt: And
now we should be able to pull that out.
>> Brian Holt: Okay, so now if we copy and
paste line 8 here of Swiper 4.4.2,
you can see here that
it's just a lot of CSS.
Now, if you look at that and say,
they're doing a bunch of stuff there that
I don't know what it does, neither do I.
But that's kind of the magic of using
open source libraries like this,
is it's relatively a black box, right?
They say, if you touch these buttons,
it's gonna do these things right?
So same thing with your computer, when I
touch my keyboard I don't know what it is
doing, but magic things happen on
my screen, so that's cool, right?
Relatively the same thing here is that,
as long as I adhere to their documentation
it's gonna do the things I want it to do.
Okay, so
we have to load some CSS to do it, and
then we also are gonna need to load
some JavaScript here down at the bottom.
So going back here,
>> Brian Holt: I'm
going to grab here the one
that's just the top one.
>> Brian Holt: So again, we're gonna
grab the debugging version here.
So this one says Swiper 4.x.x,
not with the min and not with the esm.
So, grab that top one.
>> Brian Holt: And then down at the bottom
of your body, we're gonna put that in
there as well, and we also have to
change that to be 4.4.2, like that.
>> Brian Holt: And again,
we should be able to go in over here and
say,
>> Brian Holt: You can see here,
if we paste this in here,
it's actually a lot of JavaScript,
you can see a lot of JavaScript.
So now, what's gonna be interesting,
>> Brian Holt: Where is,
what did I call this Swiper gallery?
>> Brian Holt: So
I'm gonna open this in gallery2.
I'm gonna open that, Open.
So you shouldn't see anything, right, cuz
we haven't put anything into our HTML yet.
But what's gonna be interesting,
if I come in here to my console,
>> Brian Holt: Now I have this
Swiper thing available.
So now that's loading this new Swiper
object that's now globally available for
me to mess around with.
That's what these two things are doing.
Swiper's the CSS that runs the gallery,
but this Swiper JS thing now
makes this Swiper thing available so
that I can play around with it.
>> Brian Holt: Make sense?
>> Brian Holt: Cool, so
now I'm gonna come in here and
I'm gonna write the HTML in
the way that the docs tell me to.
So just so you know, the way that
I did this, and the way that you
will eventually have to do it, if you
go into Swiper and say, Get Started.
>> Brian Holt: It's gonna give you
step by step documentation of,
do this to your code, do this to
your code, do this to your code.
And it's gonna help you kind of go step
by step to get what they want you to do.
>> Brian Holt: But we're gonna walk
through all that stuff together, so
you can see what it's like.